okay for those who don't know Jay and I
bought a 1984 yamaha 920 virago v-twin
as a donor motor for the cart of course
we put in full suspension under it and
what not I'm gonna try start this bike
up first time I was running a couple of
years we got her for like next it up and
really I got you know jumper cables
wired into it I've gone and fixed up the
carburetor and let's see we can't get
this bitch going one light power oh yes
for their dinner where the hell am I
gonna put you hold you look at that okay
power on ignition on okay first cranks
okay i need two hands for this
okay so apparently doesn't won't start
the other hand hasn't run in a couple
years so okay next time you see it it
should be like